Migration Tutorial: OpenShift internal docker registry path (#59)
appuio/appuio-cloud-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/tutorials/migration.adoc

--

IMPORTANT: Remember to remove the service account after the migration.

== OpenShift internal docker registry path

The OpenShift 4 internal docker registry is deployed in the namespace `openshift-image-registry`.
This differs from OpenShift 3, where the internal docker registry was running in the `default` namespace.

> As a reason of that, the internal service name changed from `docker-registry.default.svc:5000` to `image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to that, the internal service name changed from `docker-registry.default.svc:5000` to `image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000`.
```

How it did look look like on APPUiO Public:

[source,yaml]
--
apiVersion: apps.openshift.io/v1
kind: DeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: ${CONTAINERNAME}
  namespace: ${NAMESPACE}
spec:
  template:

> ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
…
```

    spec:
      containers:

> ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
…
```

      - image: docker-registry.default.svc:5000/${NAMESPACE}/${IMAGE}@sha256:${IMAGE_SHA}

> ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
…
```

  triggers:
  - imageChangeParams:
      automatic: true
      containerNames:
      - ${CONTAINERNAME}
      from:
        kind: ImageStreamTag
        name: ${IMAGE}:${IMAGE_TAG}
        namespace: ${NAMESPACE}
      lastTriggeredImage: docker-registry.default.svc:5000/${NAMESPACE}/${IMAGE}@sha256:${IMAGE_SHA}
    type: ImageChange
--

And an example, how it should look like on APPUiO Cloud:

[source,yaml]
--
apiVersion: apps.openshift.io/v1
kind: DeploymentConfig
metadata:
  name: ${CONTAINER_NAME}
  namespace: ${NAMESPACE}
spec:
  template:

> ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
…
```

    spec:
      containers:

> ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
…
```

      - image: image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000/${NAMESPACE}/${IMAGE}@sha256:${IMAGE_SHA} <1>

> ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
…
```
